Add deprecated notice to go tools (#309)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/go/gometalinter.md

| ----------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| 2.0.11            | Go 1.13.7 | https://github.com/alecthomas/gometalinter |

> > **DEPRECATED**: Sider will drop the support of Go Meta Linter by March 31, 2020. We recommend [GolangCI-Lint](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint) as an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **DEPRECATED**: Sider will drop the support of Go Meta Linter by March 31, 2020. We recommend [GolangCI-Lint](golangci-lint.md) as an alternative.
```
